Okay, so welcome to yet
another tutorial on DOS attacks, and
this time we're gonna
be combining two tools.
We're gonna use SlowLoris.pl.
It's basically a pro script, and we're
gonna be using Nmap to actually conduct
a scan of a website in order to determine
whether it's vulnerable or not.
Now, this attack is not
perfect by any means.
The more bandwidth you have, the better.
The stronger computer you have,
also the better,
because you'll be able
to make more threads.
Threads means just more
simultaneous tasks.
However, sometimes,
most of the time actually,
if you don't have enough bandwidth,
the site will not be
permanently DOSed, so
users will still be able to access it,
however their loading time will be like
yeah pretty long, a minute or two.
Try putting yourselves in such a position,
try thinking about a commercial
site where they sell things and
imagine if all the clients logging
into that server have to wait for
a couple of minutes before
that site actually loads.
How many of you would actually stick
around and wouldn't just go to pretty much
a very similar site,
it sells pretty much the same things.
That's just a fictive scenario and
just trying to prove a point
that you don't need to actually
permanently bring the site down.
You can just render it unusable in
this fashion where users' access time
is extremely long and
basically that site becomes unusable.
So whatever you're loading
it takes a minute or two and
it feels like you're, I don't know
if everybody's going to remember
those ISDN connections or something of a
kind where everything was extremely slow.
Well that's basically how
that website would look like,
when you are performing
this sort of attack.
Anyway, there are a few things
which we need to do here.
And one of those things is that
we need to conduct a scan, so
lets go and
use our Nmap as we have used before.
You see I have the commands
memorized here as I
have used these things before to test
them out to see how it works out.
So, I have nmap.
I'm telling Nmap to use a particular
script for this purpose parallels 400.
And I am giving it an IP
address that I wish to scan for
this particular vulnerability.
I've also issued the double
verbose output in order for
Nmap to actually tell me what is going on,
what it is doing.
On Nmap website,
let me just go ahead and do this.
Excellent, so this is the site
where you can find all the scripts.
I have shown you this before in the
previous tutorials that have label endmap
or something of a kind where we've
dwelt on the chapter Footprinting and
seen how we can actually scan
the servers for vulnerabilities.
Remember how I told you that you can
find the scripts here on their website?
Well, you can also find categories and
what every script does.
I've also mentioned that as well.
What we want is to click on DOS,
so denial of service.
These particular scripts will scan for
those particular vulnerabilities.
They will scan for
vulnerabilities related to DOS attacks.
And we have, I dunno, broadcast of avahi
DOS to discover hosts and local networks.
So we're not really that interested
in local networks at the moment.
I've dealt a lot with that on wireless and
how you can actually
perform a DOS attack there.
We want this one, http-slowloris.
Web server for vulnerability to the slow
loris dos attack by launching that
particular type of an attack.
There are also other ones.
Feel free to actually try
them out on your own systems,
and see how that works out for you,
what different types of attacks
will actually work for you.
Anyway, we want this one for
web servers, and
in order to be able to DOS a website or
something of a kind.
So I'm just going to go ahead and
use it here you see script http-slowloris.
Press enter, and
let the scan run its course.
The scan can take quite
a bit of your time.
Why I don't know.
It's in LAN.
It should be a bit faster,
but apparently it's not.
Over internet it's bound
to be slower than this, so
don't just think it doesn't work or
something of the kind.
It does work, but if you're doing this
online it might take a while longer.
In LAN, I really thought it was faster but
apparently this is the speed
at which it progresses.
Anyway, you have all the standard
stuff that you would usually have.
And down below,
it says Completed SYN Stealth Scan.
Excellent.
So that's just the normal stuff.
Down below, you have NSE: Script scanning.
Only after it has conducted its regular
scan does it begin the NSE: Script scan,
the script which we have
actually passed and
the script which we want to
utilize in order to figure out,
is the server actually vulnerable
to this type of an attack.
You have a separate timer for
the NSE script and
the separate percentage done for
NSE script as well.
So it says here the current time and
this is the remaining time.
I'm sorry this is not the current time,
this estimated time to completion,
something of a kind.
It doesn't matter,
you don't have to pay attention to this.
This is the important part.
It says two minutes and forty-one
seconds remaining, one minute and
fifty-one seconds remaining.
It's gonna keep on issuing
them until its task is done.
Once that is done, we will know whether
the server is vulnerable or not.
These routers, they tend to be vulnerable,
I mean, to a ton load of things.
I had a bit of an awkward experience.
Just goes to show that you should never
really move away from your computer while
it's unlocked.
My friends, they took my IP address and,
because the home routers are not
really that good in terms of protection,
so they were dossing me basically.
Of course, I can avoid it quite easily
by just changing the IP address,
turning the router on and
off pretty much will do the trick.
There are other ways.
But I couldn't figure out for about five,
ten minutes,
I couldn't figure out what was going on.
I didn't figure it out anyway because one
of the first things that people do when
something is wrong with their internet
connection, they reset the router.
That's what I did and of course the IP
address changed so the DOS attack stopped.
Only later on did they actually tell
me that they were messing around with
me a little bit.
Anyway.
The scan has completed.
It says probably vulnerable.
So let's see what we can do.
You can go ahead and clear the screen
here, unless you have a 100 clients, or
more than one client here
that you have scanned,
then you want to redirect this to
a file as I have showed previously.
So, go ahead and clear the screen.
[COUGH] In the follow-up tutorial.
Sorry for the cough,
something just got into my throat.
But in the follow up tutorial,
we will actually go ahead and
download the PERL script and
see how we can actually utilize it in
order to actually perform this attack.
Until then I bid you farewell.